doc/metrics: metrics for all accessible projects are returned by default (#15912)
canonical/lxd: doc/metrics.md

  # to the `/var/snap/lxd/common/lxd/cluster.crt` file found on every member of
  # the LXD cluster.
  #

>   # Note: When using a certificate restricted to multiple projects, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Note: When using a certificate restricted to multiple projects,
```

>   #       `project` param is only needed if a single project should be scraped at the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  #       use the `project` param to only scrape a specific project or projects.
```

>   #       time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   #       Otherwise, omitting it will return the metrics for all the accessible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  #       Otherwise, omit it to return the metrics for all the accessible
```

  #       projects in one scrape.
  #
  # Note: each member of the cluster only provide metrics for instances it runs locally
  #       this is why the `lxd-hdc` cluster lists 3 targets
  - job_name: "lxd-hdc"
    metrics_path: '/1.0/metrics'
    params:

>       # By default, metrics for all accessible projects are returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # If no project parameter is defined, by default, metrics for all accessible projects are returned.
```
